hi everyone welcome to the beat of
beauty studio in this video we're gonna
talk about how to use my favorite pink
sponge the Beauty Blender enables you to
achieve a flawless hydrated look so if
you want to learn keep watching the main
focus of this video is how to apply
foundation using the Beauty Blender this
is great for those of you of allergies
because it's latex-free you can use it
for a plank concealer stipple a small
amount of your favorite concealer to
spot treat on the desired area I will be
focusing under the eye and my blemishes
I like to roll the Beauty Blender on the
skin after I stipple to leave a satin
finish you can use it for help blending
in your contour with minimal foundation
on your sponge carve up the shape of
your cheekbones by stippling it under
your bronzer you can repeat the same
steps above your cheekbone to highlight
I like to use the Tata harpoon
moisturizer
under my foundation it has hyaluronic
acid which helps penetrate the product
deeper into the skin
it also minimizes pores which is great
for photography and it leaves your skin
with a matte finish apply a generous
amount and circular motion I like to
apply my foundation on a flat surface so
I can control the amount of product I
use dot on your foundation and remember
less is more place the Beautyblender in
water and squeeze out the excess water
with a paper towel the reason why I use
this toner and spray it on my sponge is
because once you dip your sponge in
water throws off the cage balance and
then when you spray it with Turner it
brings the pH balance back to where it
should be
press the foundation onto your skin
starting from the center and working
your way outwards this helps to use the
product evenly onto your skin for a
smooth complexion I stipple and bounce
the sponge onto my skin
I'm paying extra attention going over
areas where I have a breakout
to achieve a flawless foundation
application it's very important to build
layers this also helps avoid looking
cakey to set my foundation I would use
the Chanel double perfection powder on
my cheeks and t-zone thank you for
watching I hope you learned some useful
tips on how to use the Beauty Blender
stay tuned for more upcoming videos all
the details will be on the bottom make
sure to subscribe and we will see you
next time bye bye
and some tip tapes yeah okay snapchat
the beauty blender